enrich getting started guide (#2)
elastic/universal-profiling-documentation: README.md

The following diagram summarize the steps we are going to detail below.

![user-diagram](./img/user-diagram.png)

#### Deployment reference

Before creating a new cluster, or upgrading an existing one to 8.5, please review the suggested configuration tier

> for each Elastic stack components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for each Elastic stack component.
```

The reference deployment configuration in the table was tested to support profiling data from a fleet up to 500 hosts,
each with 8 or 16 CPU cores, for a total of roughly 6000 cores.

| Component           | Size per zone (memory) | Zones | 
|---------------------|------------------------|-------|
| Elasticsearch       | 64 GB                  | 2     |
| Kibana              | 8 GB                   | 1     |
| Integrations Server | 8 GB                   | 1     |

> Even if you have a smaller fleet to be profiled, for an optimal user experience we recommend to never set Integrations
> Server below the 4 GB memory tier, and Kibana below the 4 GB memory tier.

Reviewer: We should probably avoid the double-negative? E.g.

```suggestion
Even if you have a smaller fleet to be profiled, for an optimal user experience we 
recommend to configure at least 4 GB of memory for Integrations Server as well as Kibana.
```

Reach the [support request page](https://cloud.elastic.co/support) in the Cloud console.

Depending on what type of problem you faced during the setup or operation of Universal Profiling, please specify in the
request if the problem is in the host-agent, or the Kibana app.

##### Send feedback

> If troubleshooting and support are not working for you, or you have any doubts or feedback that you want to share about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If troubleshooting and support are not working for you, or you have any other feedback that you want to share about
```
